Clarify meaning of "steps" in instruction step 7 (#917)
ampproject/amp-github-apps: DEPLOYMENT.md

    ```

7. Create the Cloud Build configuration file `cloud_build.yaml`

>     > In the following sub-bullets, steps refer to YAML steps, not to instruction steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > In the following bullets, "steps" refers to YAML build steps, not to instruction steps
```
